# Audiobook-Dashboard
An interactive dashboard designed to analyze and rank the top 10 authors and narrators ,providing clear insights into audiobook performance and data trends
Audiobook 
 
1.	Project Overview 
                This project analyses audiobook sale data using Excel and Power BI to find trends and improve audiobook sale decisions 
 
2.	Tools Used 
-	Microsoft Excel 
 
-	Power BI 
 
3.	Dataset 
-	Source: "audible_uncleaned" 
 
-	Data contains: Name, Author, Narrator, Time, Release Date, Language etc. 
4.	Steps Followed 
-	Cleaned data in Excel using Power Query (ex. Removed blanks, Formatted columns). 
-	Added conditional and calculated columns to make the data more. meaningful 
-	Imported cleaned data into Power BI. 
 
-	Built Dashboards in Power BI using charts, slicers, and KPIs. 
 
 
5.	Key Insights 
-	The Average rating for all books is 4.34. 
-	Books with a duration of 5–10-hours generate more revenue. 
-	The top-rated book is “Atomic Habits”. 
-	The English language has the highest sale. 
-	22% of total revenue is generated by the top 10 books. 
-	The top author and top narrator is James Clear. 
-	The highest number of books were released in 2019. 
 
                      
 
6.	Screenshots 
 
  
                                                    
                                                        Dashboard Page 
 
 
 
  
                                                              
                                                                     Drill through Page 
 
 
 
 
 
7.	Files Included 
-	‘Audible_Cleaned.xlsx’ Cleaned data and basic analysis. 
 
-	‘Audiobook.pbix’ – Power BI dashboard. 
 
-	‘Audiobook_Documentation.pdf’ – Project description. 
 
8.	How to Use 
-	Open ‘Audible_Cleaned.xlsx’ to view the cleaned data. 
 
-	Open ‘Audiobook.pbix’ in Power BI Desktop to explore the visuals. 
 
 
